VAULT-21710 - prevent duplicate audit file_path targets (#28751)
hashicorp/vault: changelog/28751.txt

```release-note:bug

> audit: Prevent the audit process from allowing duplicate file path targets

Reviewer: ```suggestion
audit: Prevent users from enabling multiple audit devices of file type with the same file_path to write to.
```
